difference between package and interface :---
                     Methods of a Java interface are implicitly abstract and cannot have implementations.
                     A Java abstract class can have instance methods that implements a default behaviour.
                     Variables declared in a Java interface are by default final. 
                     ... A Java class can implement multiple interfaces but it can extend only one abstract class.
                     
                     
                     
                     If a class with the same name exists in two different packages that you import using the
star form, the compiler will remain silent, unless you try to use one of the classes. In that case,
you will get a compile-time error and have to explicitly name the class specifying its package.
It must be emphasized that the
import
statement is optional. Any place you use a class


you can use its
fully qualified name
, which includes its full package hierarchy. For
example, this fragment uses an import statement:

import java.util.*;
class MyDate extends Date {
}


The same example without the
import statement looks like this:

class MyDate extends java.util.Date {
}
  
  
  importan note:
  when a package is imported, only those items within the package declared as public 
  will be available to non-subclasses in the importing code.
  
  important note:
  default member  can acees  by  all classes in same package but not different package 
  protected member  can acees  by  all sub-classes in same package as well as different package 
  public  member  can acees  by  all classes in same package as well as different package
  private  member  can not acees  by  all classes in same package as well as different package
  
  interface:
  dedination:Interfaces are syntactically similar to classes, but they lack instance variables, and their methods are
  declared without any body. I
  Interfaces are designed to support dynamic method resolution at run time. 
  
  
  Normally, in order for a method to be called from one class to another, both classes need to be present
at compile time so the Java compiler can check to ensure that the method signatures are
compatible


hin an interface. Each class that includes an interface must implement all of the methods.
Variables can be declared inside of interface declarations. They are implicitly
final
and
static
, meaning they cannot be changed by the implementing class. They must also be
initialized. All methods and variables are implicitly public


You can declare variables as object references that use an interface rather than a class type.
When you call a method through one of these references, the correct version will
be called based on the actual instance of the interface being referred to(see page 195)
. The method to be executed is looked up dynamically at run time


coution : Because dynamic lookup of a method at run time incurs a significant overhead when
compared with the normal method invocation in Java, you should be careful not to use interfaces
casually in performance-critical code


note(page 195):object refference of interface can acees only those member of implimented class which are declared in interface


Partial Implementations
If a class includes an interface but does not fully implement the methods defined by that
interface, then that class must be declared as
abstract
. 



qustion :: if two classes impliment same interface then create different object do that object share same dada


interface can be extended
  


  
